update Jira integration info after SCA rollout (#1568)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/jira.md

2. Select the **Default project** where the Jira tickets will be created.
3. Select the **Issue type** you want created with your Semgrep findings.
4. If you'd like to see an example of the content Semgrep populates your Jira ticket with, click **See preview**.
5. Click **Save changes** to proceed.

![Jira configuration screen](/img/jira-subdomain.png#md-width)
**_Figure._** The Jira configuration screen.

### Create mappings

Optionally, you can customize the Jira field mappings and indicate which Semgrep fields they should be populated with. Currently, Semgrep supports the mapping of the following issue types:

* Short texts
* Paragraphs
* Drop-down menus
* Checkboxes

![Jira configuration screen for field data mappings](/img/jira-configure-defaults.png#md-width)
**_Figure._** The Jira configuration screen for field data mappings.

> Click **Field mapping help** to see a list of the Semgrep fields available for mapping.

The integration supports the use of custom Jira issue types and custom fields.

To create a mapping:

1. Select the Semgrep product for which the mapping is valid: **Code**, **Supply Chain**, or **Secrets**.
2. Click **Add mapping**.

> 3. Select the **Jira field** to which the Semgrep data should be mapped. You can [create a new field](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/create-a-custom-field/) if necessary. If you opt not to add Semgrep values to your Jira fields, you can create [automation to map to your field values](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/guides/automation/overview#what-is-automation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Jira field** to which the Semgrep data should be mapped. You can [create a new field](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/create-a-custom-field/) if necessary. If you opt not to add Semgrep values to your Jira fields, you can create an [automation to map to your field values](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/guides/automation/overview#what-is-automation).
```

4. Select the **Semgrep field** that holds the data to be mapped.

Repeat these steps for each mapping you want to create. When done, click **Save changes** to proceed.

:::warning
Ensure a 1:1 mapping between the Jira issue type field values and the Semgrep values.
:::

### Example mapping

> Semgrep's **Severity** field can have the following values: `Low`, `Medium`, `High`, and `Critical`. The following Jira field setups would work for capturing this information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep's **Severity** field can have the following values: `Low`, `Medium`, `High`, and `Critical`. The following Jira field setups can be used to capture this information:
```
Minor suggestion.

### Code

You can create tickets for Code findings using the **Triage** button on the:

* [**Findings**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings) page

> * Individual finding's **Details** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Individual finding's **Details** page
```

To create tickets:

> 1. If you're on the [**Findings**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created; you can select and create tickets for individual findings or all findings for a given rule. Otherwise, proceed to step two.

Reviewer: I wonder, is "step two" something Vale enforced? Because for an exact match in the reader's POV for the number to read as "Proceed to step **N**" (i.e. the arabic number, so "Proceed to step 5" or" Proceed to step 2") so that they can match the arabic "2" to the 2 at the start of the next step.

WDYT?

Author: I think the Arabic 2 make sense (I don't think value enforces this; I think this was just me unable to decide which option when writing and then just picking one)

> 1. If you're on the [**Supply Chain > Vulnerabilities**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created; you can select and create tickets for individual findings or all findings for a given rule. Otherwise, proceed to step two.

Reviewer: Is Supply Chain intentional? It's supposed to be Code, right?

Author: You're right; it was a copy and paste error from when I initially tried to combine the two sections.

2. Click **Triage**.
3. Set the status to **Fixing**, and select the **Create <span className="placeholder">NUMBER_OF_TICKETS</span> JIRA tickets in <span className="placeholder">PROJECT_NAME</span>** box that appears.
4. Click **Change status** to proceed.

:::note
Creating tickets for many findings at once may take some time. Tickets that take longer than 10 seconds to create are shown in Semgrep once you refresh the page.
:::

![Create Jira ticket - Code](/img/jira-code-findings.png#md-width)
***Figure.*** Code triage flow

Once a ticket has been created, a link appears on the **Findings** page and along the top of an individual finding's details page.

![Jira ticket created - Code](/img/jira-code-ticketed.png#md-width)
***Figure.*** Code ticket created

### Supply Chain

You can create tickets for Supply Chain findings using the **Triage** button on the:

* [**Supply Chain > Vulnerabilities**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/supply-chain/vulnerabilities) page
* Individual finding's **Details** page

To create tickets:

> 1. If you're on the [**Supply Chain > Vulnerabilities**](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/supply-chain/vulnerabilities) page, select the findings for which you want tickets created. Otherwise, proceed to step two.

Reviewer: Same observation as above.

2. Click **Triage**.
3. Set the status to **Fixing**, and select the **Create <span className="placeholder">NUMBER_OF_TICKETS</span> JIRA tickets in <span className="placeholder">PROJECT_NAME</span>** box that appears.
4. Click **Change status** to proceed.

![Create Jira ticket - Supply Chain](/img/jira-ssc-findings.png#md-width)
***Figure*.** Supply Chain triage flow

![Jira ticket created - Supply Chain](/img/jira-ssc-ticketed.png#md-width)
***Figure*.** Supply Chain ticket created

### Secrets

> To create tickets for findings generated by Semgrep Secrets:

Reviewer: The previous sentences with this pattern just said "To create tickets". Just an observation.
